## /events/

### POST /events/

Add a new event to the database. Each POST request MUST contain the following
fields:

  * **benchmark_id**: The benchmark's alphanumeric identifier. Each benchmark
    has a unique identifier created from a digest of its fields.

  * **benchmark_type_code**: The code identifying the type of benchmark.

      **0000**: A genome assembler benchmark. Evaluating the assembly of a set
      of paired Illumina 2x150 reads.

  * **state_code**: The outcome code of the event. This may have one of the
    following values:

      **0000**: This event completed successfully.

      **0001**: This event failed to complete due to the container failing with
      an error.

      **0002**: This event failed to complete due to the container finishing
      without error but not producing any data.

  * **event_type_code**: The code for the type of event. This can have the
    following values:

      **0000**: Run a container on a test data set.

      **0001**: Evaluate generated data and generate a set of metrics.

Each POST request MAY also contain the following fields. They MUST both be used
in conjunction.

  * **log_file_s3_url**: The S3 url for a file containing a log of the event.

  * **log_file_digest**: The SHA256 digest of the log file.

Each POST request MAY also contain the following fields. They MUST both be used
in conjunction.

  * **event_file_s3_url**: The S3 url for a file containing data specific to
    this event.

  * **event_file_digest**: The SHA256 digest of the event file.



### GET /events/show/:id

Returns a single event as JSON document.

#### Resource URL

http://api.nucleotides/1.0/events/show.json

#### Parameters

  * **id**

    **Required**: The unique ID of this event. This is the time stamp of this
    event in milliseconds since 00:00:00 Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). This
    is unique for this event. (Assuming no two events are created at exactly
    the same millisecond.)

#### Example request

http://api.nucleotides/1.0/events/show.json?id=1234



### GET /events/lookup

Returns a list of up to 100 events as a JSON document.

#### Resource URL

http://api.nucleotides/1.0/events/show.json

#### Parameters

  * **benchmark_id**

    **Optional**: A comma separated list of benchmark IDs. Returns a list of
    all the events related to these benchmarks.

  * **max_id**:

    **Optional**: The event ID, inclusive, to end pagination of the events
    list. Used to fetch multiple pages of events in separate requests.

  * **benchmark_type_id**:

    **Optional**: The code identifying the type of benchmark. Selects for only
    the events for this kind of benchmark.

  * **state_code**:

    **Optional**: A comma separated list of state_codes. Limit the returned
    events to this code.

  * **event_type_code**:

    **Optional**: Limit the returned events to this type.

#### Example request

http://api.nucleotides/1.0/events/lookup.json?benchmark_id=a8f3&max_id=1234


